Feature/operating modes (#326)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

If the AGV receives an order with the same `orderId` and `orderUpdateId` twice, the second order will be ignored. 
This might happen, if the master control resends the order because the state message was received too late by master control and it could therefore not verify that the first order had been received.

#### 6.6.4.4 Clearing the order

> In response to some events, not triggered by Master Control, the vehicle has to stop executing the current order.

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
In response to one of the following events, not triggered by Master Control, the vehicle has to stop executing the current order:
```

fieldViolation<br>} | | boolean | Protective field violation.<br>"true":field is violated<br>"false":field is not violated.

#### Operating Mode Description
The following description lists the possible values of the field `operatingMode` in the "state" message".

Identifier | Description
---|---
AUTOMATIC | Vehicle is under full control of the master control. <br>Vehicle drives and executes actions based on orders from the master control.
SEMIAUTOMATIC | Vehicle is under control of the master control.<br> Vehicle drives and executes actions based on orders from the master control. <br>The driving speed is controlled by the HMI (speed can't exceed the speed of automatic mode).<br>The steering is under automatic control (non-safe HMI possible).

> MANUAL | Master control is not in control of the vehicle. <br>Master control shall not send driving orders or actions to the vehicle. <br>HMI can be used to control the steering and velocity and handling device of the vehicle. <br>Location of the vehicle is sent to the master control.<br>When the vehicle enters or leaves this mode, it immediately clears the current order (safe HMI required).<br>If the vehicle detects during being in this mode that it is being moved to a position where the current `lastNodeId` cannot be used as a start node of a new order it will set the `lastNodeId` to an empty string ("").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MANUAL | Master control is not in control of the vehicle. <br>Master control shall not send driving orders or actions to the vehicle. <br>HMI can be used to control the steering and velocity and handling device of the vehicle. <br>Location of the vehicle is sent to the master control.<br>When the vehicle enters or leaves this mode, it immediately clears the current order (safe HMI required).<br>If, while being in this mode, the vehicle detects that it is being moved to a position where the current `lastNodeId` cannot be used as a start node of a new order, it shall set the `lastNodeId` to an empty string ("").
```

fieldViolation<br>} | | boolean | Protective field violation.<br>"true":field is violated<br>"false":field is not violated.

#### Operating Mode Description
The following description lists the possible values of the field `operatingMode` in the "state" message".

Identifier | Description
---|---
AUTOMATIC | Vehicle is under full control of the master control. <br>Vehicle drives and executes actions based on orders from the master control.

> SEMIAUTOMATIC | Vehicle is under control of the master control.<br> Vehicle drives and executes actions based on orders from the master control. <br>The driving speed is controlled by the HMI (speed can't exceed the speed of automatic mode).<br>The steering is under automatic control (non-safe HMI possible).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SEMIAUTOMATIC | Vehicle is under control of the master control.<br> Vehicle drives and executes actions based on orders from the master control. <br>The driving speed is controlled by the HMI (speed can't exceed the speed of automatic mode).<br>The steering is under automatic control.
```

> MANUAL | Master control is not in control of the vehicle. <br>Master control shall not send driving orders or actions to the vehicle. <br>HMI can be used to control the steering and velocity and handling device of the vehicle.<br>Location of the vehicle is sent to the master control.<br>When the vehicle enters or leaves this mode, it immediately clears the current order (safe HMI required).<br>If the vehicle detects during being in this mode that it is being moved to a position where the current `lastNodeId` cannot be used as a start node of a new order it will set the `lastNodeId` to an empty string ("").

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MANUAL | Master control is not in control of the vehicle. <br>Master control shall not send driving orders or actions to the vehicle. <br>HMI can be used to control the steering and velocity and handling device of the vehicle.<br>Location of the vehicle is sent to the master control.<br>When the vehicle enters or leaves this mode, it immediately clears the current order.<br>If the vehicle detects during being in this mode that it is being moved to a position where the current `lastNodeId` cannot be used as a start node of a new order it will set the `lastNodeId` to an empty string ("").
```

SERVICE | Master control is not in control of the vehicle. <br>Master control shall not send driving orders or actions to the vehicle. <br>When the vehicle enters or leaves this mode, it immediately clears the current order.<br>The vehicle shall set `lastNodeId` to an empty string ("").<br>Authorized personnel can reconfigure the vehicle.
TEACHIN | Master control is not in control of the vehicle. <br>Master control shall not send driving order or actions to the vehicle. <br>When the vehicle enters or leaves this mode, it immediately clears the current order.<br>The vehicle shall set `lastNodeId` to an empty string ("").<br>The vehicle is being taught, e.g., mapping is done by a master control.

>Table 1 The operating modes and their meaning

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

STATE | Master Control in control | Valid state message | Clear order when entering | Set lastNodeId to empty | Clear zone requests when entering | Sending Instant actions allowed | Sending orders allowed
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
AUTOMATIC | YES | YES | NO | NO | NO | YES | YES
SEMIAUTOMATIC | YES | YES | NO | NO | NO | YES | YES
MANUAL | NO | YES | YES | YES, if continuation of order is not possible | YES | NO | NO
SERVICE | NO | YES | YES | YES | YES | NO | NO
TEACHIN | NO | YES | YES | YES | YES | NO | NO
STARTUP | NO | NO | (YES) | (YES) | (YES) | NO | NO
INTERVENED | NO | YES | NO | NO | YES | Only 'cancelOrder' allowed | YES

```

> MANUAL | Master control is not in control of the vehicle. <br>Master control shall not send driving orders or actions to the vehicle. <br>HMI can be used to control the steering and velocity and handling device of the vehicle.<br>Location of the vehicle is sent to the master control.<br>When the vehicle enters or leaves this mode, it immediately clears the current order.<br>If the vehicle detects during being in this mode that it is being moved to a position where the current `lastNodeId` cannot be used as a start node of a new order it will set the `lastNodeId` to an empty string ("").

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
MANUAL | Master control is not in control of the vehicle. <br>Master control shall not send driving orders or actions to the vehicle. <br>HMI can be used to control the steering and velocity and handling device of the vehicle.<br>Location of the vehicle is sent to the master control.<br>When the vehicle enters or leaves this mode, it immediately clears the current order.<br>If, while being in this mode, the vehicle detects that it is being moved to a position where the current value of `lastNodeId` cannot be used as a start node of a new order, it shall set `lastNodeId` to an empty string ("").
```
